these are the kings of the land whom the
children of Israel defeated and whose
land they possessed on the other side of
the Jordan toward the rising of the Sun
from the river arnon to Mount Hermon and
all the eastern Jordan plain one King
was Sihon king of the ammonites
who dwelt in Ashburn and ruled half of
Gilead from a row which is on the bank
of the river arnon from the middle of
that River even as far as the river
Jabbok which is the border of the
ammonites and the eastern Jordan plain
from the sea of kynareth as far as the
sea of arable the salt sea the road to
beth Jessie meth and southward below the
slopes of Pisgah the other king was our
king of dation and his territory who was
of the remnant of the Giants who dwelt
at Ashtaroth and at Adria and reigned
over Mount Hermon over salka overall
Batian as far as the border of the gisha
rights and the Mayock effects and over
half of Gilead to the border of sihon
king of Heshbon these moses the servant
of the lord and the children of Israel
had conquered and Moses the servant of
the Lord had given it as a possession to
the rubra nights the gadites and half
the tribe of manasseh and these are the
kings of the country which joshua and
the children of Israel conquered on this
side of the Jordan on the west from bale
God in the valley of Lebanon as far as
Mount hey Lac and the ascent a seer
which Joshua gave to the tribes of
Israel as a possession according to
their divisions in the mountain country
in the lowlands in the Jordan plain in
the slopes in the wilderness and in the
South the Hittites the amorite s' the
Canaanites the Perizzites the Hivites
and the Jebusites
the king of Jericho won the king of AI
which is beside Bethel won the King of
Jerusalem won the king of Hebron won the
king of Jonathan the king of lakish won
the king of Eglin won the king of Giza
won the king of deburr won the king of
guida won the king of homer
won the king of a red one the king of
lidner won the king of our dalam won the
king of makita won the king of Bethel
won the king of tattooer won the king of
Haifa won the king of effect won the
king of La Sharon won the king of maiden
won the king of Hazel won the king of
shimmer amiran won the king of akshatha
won the king of tannic won the king of
Megiddo won the king of Kadesh won the
king of Jack Neum in Carmel won the king
of door in the heights of door won the
king of the people of Gilgal won the
king of Tirzah won all the kings 31
you